README.md, before:

# Elixir Cloud Computing with ETS

This short simulation program is designed for people new to Elixir programming.
It uses Erlang Term Storage (ETS), Elixir's powerful in-memory storage system.

>ETS allows for high-performance data storage and retrieval, making it a go-to for handling large amounts of data quickly.

## Elixir Cloud Computing Simulates Temperature Sensors
A small and practical way to understand ETS.

It simulates sensor data (think temperature readings) that fluctuate in a sine wave pattern, mimicking real-world sensor behavior.

This chatty sensor creates a large volume of data, which is then stored in ETS.

The program includes a GenServer. In another process, the program reads the sensor data and calculates the average temperature over the last few minutes, determining whether the temperature is rising or falling.

## Play, Tweak, Learn!

Play around with the program! Change the sensor's data generation rate, alter the analysis logic, or experiment with the ETS table's properties.

It's a safe and fun way to learn more about ETS and Elixir's concurrency model.

## Starting the program

Start the program with `elixir cloudcomputing.exs`.  It will start and begin to produce and analyze data.  Exit it with ctrl-c.

## Ready to help someone learn more Elixir?
The author Robert Viragh is looking for a position as an Elixir and Phoenix developer, if you have an opening feel free to reach out: rviragh at gmail.com

## License

This project is released into the public domain, without any warranty.  Use it however you want commercially or noncommercially, without attribution.
For more information, please refer to <https://unlicense.org>

Commit message:

Add explanation why single-file, no mix file

README.md, after:

# Elixir Cloud Computing with ETS

This short simulation program is designed for people new to Elixir programming.
It uses Erlang Term Storage (ETS), Elixir's powerful in-memory storage system.

>ETS allows for high-performance data storage and retrieval, making it a go-to for handling large amounts of data quickly.

## Elixir Cloud Computing Simulates Temperature Sensors
A small and practical way to understand ETS.

It simulates sensor data (think temperature readings) that fluctuate in a sine wave pattern, mimicking real-world sensor behavior.

This chatty sensor creates a large volume of data, which is then stored in ETS.

The program includes a GenServer. In another process, the program reads the sensor data and calculates the average temperature over the last few minutes, determining whether the temperature is rising or falling.

## Play, Tweak, Learn!

Play around with the program! Change the sensor's data generation rate, alter the analysis logic, or experiment with the ETS table's properties.

It's a safe and fun way to learn more about ETS and Elixir's concurrency model.

## Starting the program

Start the program with `elixir cloudcomputing.exs`.  It will start and begin to produce and analyze data.  Exit it with ctrl-c.

## Why no mix file in this project?

This file is just for playing around with in an easy way.  This [excellent article about ETS](https://blog.appsignal.com/2019/11/12/caching-with-elixir-and-ets.html) points out:

>Integration of Unnecessary Dependencies

>ETS is part of the Erlang VM, so there are no additional dependencies necessary when using it.

This way you can try ETS without worrying about any dependencies or setting anything up - one of its major benefits is that it is built in.


## Ready to help someone learn more Elixir?
The author Robert Viragh is looking for a position as an Elixir and Phoenix developer, if you have an opening feel free to reach out: rviragh at gmail.com

## License

This project is released into the public domain, without any warranty.  Use it however you want commercially or noncommercially, without attribution.
For more information, please refer to <https://unlicense.org>
